‎Many people live their entire lives
‎without ever being affected
by a natural disaster.
‎It can be easy to forget
‎that your life
can literally change overnight.
‎Recently, here in California,
our brothers and sisters in numerous areas
‎have had to flee for their lives
‎because of firestorms
‎coming in right behind them.
‎Literally, for some, it was within minutes
‎—racing for their lives
‎either in their car, some on foot—
‎with flames, towering flames
‎and intense heat right behind them.
‎I’ve never seen anything like it.
‎When I left the house,
‎the roar of the fire coming over the hill
‎was unbelievable.
‎One of our close friends
stepped out onto his balcony
‎and noticed a glow on the hillside,
‎and he gave my wife a call and said,
‎“Did you know that there’s a fire?”
‎After the fire, a dear friend said:
‎“Don’t worry about anything.
‎We’re going to give you all that you need.”
‎And I broke down in tears,
‎just knowing what was about to happen.
‎Because we have Jehovah as our Shepherd,
‎he will give us everything we need.
‎And we have seen that.
‎Those words have come true
because our brothers and sisters
‎have cared for us so beautifully,
‎beyond anything we ever expected.
‎I’m a builder myself,
‎and I feel like I just want to get
in there and do something.
‎But the friends need spirituality,
‎and so if we help them with that,
‎they’ll get through the rest of it.
‎Well, the United States branch office
‎is very concerned
‎for our brothers and sisters spiritually
‎and making sure that they can get back
to their worship to Jehovah God.
‎So today we’re here to encourage them,
‎to really acknowledge
what they’ve gone through,
‎and to make sure that they’re getting
the spiritual attention they need
‎—the encouragement that, really,
‎the organization
and their brothers want to give them.
‎Just like a literal shepherd
‎would want to care
for the needs of their sheep
‎—especially an injured one—
‎we want to do the same thing
for the members of our congregation,
‎but we take it a step further.
‎We want to care for them emotionally,
‎spiritually, and physically.
‎Jehovah has made us a people
‎who care for one another.
‎And generally speaking,
the comfort he provides
‎and the things we need
are almost always delivered by people.
‎And it’s at the congregation that we can have
‎that kind of comfort and support
‎given to us that’s going to help us recover.
‎Working in disaster relief efforts,
‎you really begin to see
‎just how much Jehovah cares
for the human race
‎—how much he cares for people.
‎You’ll see people who will drop anything
‎to come and rally to the aid
‎of brothers and sisters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
‎But they’ll rally to the aid
of someone next door too,
‎and that’s a manifestation
‎of the way Jehovah feels about people.
‎Being prepared for a natural disaster,
‎ourselves and our families,
‎is not just a matter of personal safety.
‎This gets to the core of our spirituality.
‎How much do we truly value life?
‎How much do we truly value
what Jehovah has given us?
‎In a disaster, you hear people say,
“I’ve lost everything”
‎—not among Jehovah’s people.
‎We never lose everything.
‎We may lose material possessions;
we may even lose loved ones;
‎but when we have Jehovah,
we never lose everything.